Add urgent care documentation (#146)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/health/healthIntro.mdx

**Use our Health API to build tools that help Veterans manage their health, view their medical records, schedule an appointment, find a specialty facility, and share their information with caregivers and providers.** The APIs also provide a Veteran the ability to view their eligibility information regarding Urgent Care visits and functionality to determine facility closeness related to a Veteran’s ability to access care.

The VA’s Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR) Argonaut, DSTU2 and R4 Health API support industry standards and provide access to healthcare data via an EHR-agnostic RESTful web services abstraction layer. FHIR solutions are built from a set of modular components called "Resources". These resources can easily be assembled into working systems that solve real world clinical and administrative problems.

> The Health API allow users/applications to access a synthetic Veteran health database interacting with or understanding the inner workings of VA systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Health API allows users/applications to access a synthetic Veteran health database without interacting with or understanding the inner workings of VA systems.
```

adding "without" makes this match the opening of the quickstart and make more sense
